etc/pam.d/rustdesk					    rustdesk
etc/rustdesk/startwm.sh					    rustdesk
etc/rustdesk/xorg.conf					    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/AssetManifest.bin	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/AssetManifest.json	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/FontManifest.json	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/NOTICES.Z		    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/actions.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/actions_mobile.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/address_book.ttf rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/android.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/arrow.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/auth-apple.svg  rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/auth-auth0.svg  rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/auth-azure.svg  rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/auth-default.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/auth-facebook.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/auth-github.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/auth-google.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/auth-okta.svg   rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/call_end.svg    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/call_wait.svg   rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/chat.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/chat2.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/checkbox.ttf    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/close.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/display.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/dots.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/file.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/folder.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/folder_new.svg  rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/fullscreen.svg  rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/fullscreen_exit.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/gestures.ttf    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/home.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/insecure.svg    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/insecure_relay.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/kb_layout_iso.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/kb_layout_not_iso.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/keyboard.svg    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/linux.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/logo.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/mac.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/peer_searchbar.ttf rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/pinned.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/rec.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/record_screen.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/refresh.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/screen.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/search.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/secure.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/secure_relay.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/tabbar.ttf	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/transfer.svg    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/trash.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/unpinned.svg    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/voice_call.svg  rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/voice_call_waiting.svg rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/assets/win.svg	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/fonts/MaterialIcons-Regular.otf rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/packages/dash_chat_2/assets/placeholder.png rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/packages/dash_chat_2/assets/profile_placeholder.png rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/packages/wakelock_web/assets/no_sleep.js rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/packages/window_manager/images/ic_chrome_close.png rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/packages/window_manager/images/ic_chrome_maximize.png rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/packages/window_manager/images/ic_chrome_minimize.png rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/packages/window_manager/images/ic_chrome_unmaximize.png rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/shaders/ink_sparkle.frag rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/flutter_assets/version.json	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/data/icudtl.dat			    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libapp.so				    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libdesktop_drop_plugin.so		    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libdesktop_multi_window_plugin.so	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libflutter_custom_cursor_plugin.so	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libflutter_linux_gtk.so		    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/librustdesk.so			    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libscreen_retriever_plugin.so	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libtexture_rgba_renderer_plugin.so	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/liburl_launcher_linux_plugin.so	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libwindow_manager_plugin.so	    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/lib/libwindow_size_plugin.so		    rustdesk
usr/lib/rustdesk/rustdesk				    rustdesk
usr/share/applications/rustdesk-link.desktop		    rustdesk
usr/share/applications/rustdesk.desktop			    rustdesk
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/rustdesk.png	    rustdesk
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/rustdesk.svg	    rustdesk
usr/share/polkit-1/actions/com.rustdesk.RustDesk.policy	    rustdesk
usr/share/rustdesk/files/polkit				    rustdesk
usr/share/rustdesk/files/systemd/rustdesk.service	    rustdesk
